Update Architecture Diagram and README.md (#259)
SWENT-TEAM17/OratorAI: README.md

---

## Features
- **Practice your speech skills**: The user has 3 different practice modes: Sales pitch, public speaking, and interview. The scenario changes depending on the user's answers thanks to the Chat-GPT API we use.
- **Real-Time Analysis**: Provides real-time feedback on speech delivery, including aspects such as the emotions that can be derived from the words given as a response as well as what points the user can work on better and how good the response to an interview question/the speech given was.

> - **Friends**: To add friends, the user should send a request to the person he wants to add and they should accept it.

Reviewer: I think precising what is possible to do with friends would be useful.
```suggestion
- **Friends**: To add friends, the user should send a request to the person he wants to add and they should accept it. A user can compare his global achievements to his friend's, and see who is the best !
```

> -**Battle of Speech**: Challenge your friends in a Speech Mock Interview, and let the best win !

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-**Battle of Interviews**: Challenge your friends in a Speech Mock Interview, and let the best win !
```
It's also a good idea to maybe detail a bit more about how to start a battle

-**Track your progress**: The app allows you to track your progress by maintaing a streak, speech-related stats and other entertaining features :)

### **Architecture diagram**
Below is the architecture diagram we have this far for our application, which we will change as the app progresses:

> ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cb5c6d83-80de-4c9c-991f-56f5e9d5ce7f)

Author: ```suggestion
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7fbdce65-c227-4007-9a47-352650f3999b)
```

## Features

> - **Practice your speech skills**: The user has 3 different practice modes: Sales pitch, public speaking, and interview. The last one works in real-time, meaning the interview questions can change depending on the user's answers thanks to the Chat-GPT API we use.

Reviewer: I think the sentence "The last one works in real-time, meaning the interview questions can change depending on the user's answers thanks to the Chat-GPT API we use." is irrelevant as every module works in real time.
```suggestion
- **Practice your speech skills**: The user has 3 different practice modes: Sales pitch, public speaking, and interview. The scenario changes depending on the user's answers thanks to the Chat-GPT API we use.
```

- **Real-Time Analysis**: Provides real-time feedback on speech delivery, including aspects such as the emotions that can be derived from the words given as a response as well as what points the user can work on better and how good the response to an interview question/the speech given was.

> - **Friends**: Users can have friends and see how they performed on the same interviews, giving them a sense of competition and a drive to work more on their public speaking skills.

Reviewer: Can we see the friends profile ?

Reviewer: What I mean by that is that the text "Users can have friends and see how they performed on the same interviews" is not correct.

> To add friends, the user should send a request to the person he wants to add and they should accept it, but for now we have a "follow system" where the user can add people as friends and will see them as a friend, but the person added doesn't have them as a friend until they follow back.

Reviewer: This is not actual anymore, the functionality of having "friends" rather than "followers" was introduced in #186.
```suggestion
To add friends, the user should send a request to the person he wants to add and they should accept it.
```
